# COVID
The COVID-19 pandemic has had a profound impact on public health and society as a whole. As millions of people around the world fell ill and many lost their lives, governments implemented various measures such as lockdowns and social distancing to slow the spread of the virus. One effect of these measures was a reduction in the transmission of other infectious diseases such as the flu, which typically spreads through close contact with infected individuals.

Given the unique circumstances of the pandemic, it is important to understand how it may have affected healthcare utilization and vaccination rates. In particular, we are interested in exploring the relationship between the COVID-19 pandemic and the number of flu vaccinations in the United States. Our research question is whether there is a significant relationship between these two variables.

Previous research has suggested that there may be a link between COVID-19 and flu vaccination rates. For example, a study by Leuchter et al. (2022) found that the safety concerns and mistrust of the American government “spilled over'' to influenza vaccinations, meaning that COVID-19 vaccinations had an overall negative impact on flu vaccination rates. On the other hand, another study by Parker et al. (2022) found that influenza vaccination in the 2021–2022 season correlated with a 50% greater likelihood of complete COVID-19 vaccination, so people who trusted the COVID-19 vaccine had no problem obtaining their vaccination for the flu.

By examining the relationship between the COVID-19 pandemic and flu vaccination rates, our study aims to contribute to our understanding of how the pandemic has affected healthcare utilization and public health more broadly. Through our analysis of publicly available data, we hope to shed light on this important issue and provide insights that can inform future public health efforts.
